trouble-shooting: update the issue report link (#1091)
pingcap/docs: trouble-shooting.md

# TiDB Cluster Troubleshooting Guide

> You can use this guide to help you diagnose and solve basic problems while using TiDB. If your problem is not resolved, please collect the following information and [create an issue](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/new?template=bug-report.md):

Reviewer: I suggest using the following link because it offers multiple choices.

```suggestion
You can use this guide to help you diagnose and solve basic problems while using TiDB. If your problem is not resolved, please collect the following information and [create an issue](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/new/choose):
```

    - If a certain process is not running, see the following corresponding sections to diagnose and solve the issue.
    + If all the processes are running, check the `tidb-server` log to see if the following messages are displayed:
        - InformationSchema is out of date: This message is displayed if the `tikv-server` cannot be connected. Check the state and log of `pd-server` and `tikv-server`.

>         - panic: This message is displayed if there is an issue with the program. Please provide the detailed panic log and [create an issue](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/new?template=bug-report.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - panic: This message is displayed if there is an issue with the program. Please provide the detailed panic log and [create an issue](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/new/choose).
```

## TiDB panic

> Please provide panic log and [create an issue](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/new?template=bug-report.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please provide the panic log and [create an issue](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/new/choose).
```
